mention the actual meaning of FODs in the glossary (#10888)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/advanced-attributes.md

    configuration setting.

  - [`outputHash`]{#adv-attr-outputHash}; [`outputHashAlgo`]{#adv-attr-outputHashAlgo}; [`outputHashMode`]{#adv-attr-outputHashMode}\
    These attributes declare that the derivation is a so-called *fixed-output derivation*, which means that a cryptographic hash of the output is already known in advance.

>     When the [`builder`] execution of a fixed-output derivation finishes, Nix computes a cryptographic hash of the output and compares it to the hash declared with these attributes.

Author: ```suggestion
    As opposed to regular derivations, the [`builder`] executable of a fixed-output derivation has access to the network.
    Nix computes a cryptographic hash of its output and compares it to the hash declared with these attributes.
```
